Hey welcome back.
In this video I mean to show you how to create a file using power show.
And I have to warn you that it kind of sucks to be honest.
It sucks because it's a lot more verbose and an uglier syntax than it is.
Using a Unix shell usually like when I'll be typing in the course.
It's just touch and then a file name app.
P Why if I wanted to make a new python file or I don't know Rock Paper Scissors are dot P Y and that
would make me a new empty file.
It ideally would.
It doesn't work in Power Shell but on a Mac on a Linux machine it works.
Unfortunately here it doesn't.
So there's a couple of alternatives and if actually recorded this video more than once because the first
alternative that I showed looks like this let me just make a new directory.
I'm on my desktop.
I'll just call this what they call the playground and then CD into play ground and see if it's made
right here.
Look at the phone to make a let's call file slide.
Why if I wanted to do that one option is this it looks kind of gross Ecko dollar sign no to greater
than signs and then the name of a file like slide dot he why what this does is it makes an empty file
this dollar sign.
No means don't put anything in the file.
If I had replace this something else it would be inserted into that file.
So dullish I know is a way of saying make it empty and if I type LS You can see it's now been created.
Double click here.
You can also see there's a pilot tells me it's a python file called Slide.
Now the problem that I don't want to get too far into the weeds with what I discovered after recording
this video once is that by default this command creates a file in what's known as UTF 16.
It's a text encoding.
I'm not going to go into it too much.
All you need to know is that Python wants files or Python 3 wants UTF 8.
If I put some code in there like 1 plus 2 and I save.
I'm getting ahead of myself I know I know with Python and adding code but this hopefully you can see
it's just going to add two numbers together.
It is valid Python code to execute it.
I should be able to just run Python slide up.
But I get this awful error message.
Non UTF 8 code.
And that's because I created the file with this command.
So long story short if you want to use that command you're welcome to but you'll have to do a File Save
with encoding UTF 8 and now it saves that.
If I go back I make clear to make space.
But if I run that command again it now works.
I don't see anything because I didn't print anything at an output but I didn't get an error anyway.
You probably don't need Python installed so this is a bit of a tangent but I needed to explain why that
command doesn't really work.
It's also just an ugly command compared to touch touches.
Very nice and succinct.
This is a lot of syntax.
So then the alternative.
I did some research and it got to be honest.
It's not any better at all.
It's just it's just different.
This is what it looks like.
New dash item space dash item type style and then the name of a file.
So we have slide up.
Let's go with swings.
P Why for going for playground theme.
I hit Enter ls and you can see we now have signed up right and swings p y.
So again that gross command new dash item dash item type file swings W-why or whatever file name.
So I got to be honest if this was a command I had to type it every time.
I think that I just wouldn't type it.
I would just use the graphical user interface and I'll quickly show you what I mean.
We haven't talked about subcontext yet.
This is a text editor you can use any text editor but I'm just to show an example.
If I made a new file I might just do this file new file or command and save it and then just find the
directory I want to save it and manually.
Desktop I want to save it in playgrounds and I'm going to call it what do we have Swing's slide.
How about monkey bars.
P Y.
And then that will save the file there.
If I go back to power shell and type LS It's now there.
So remember the whole point of this section is to show you mostly how to navigate using the command
line so that if let's say had a brand new power show window and I need to run that file I just made
monkey bars stop I need to get there.
So I just need to know cam here I need to go to desktop and you move this up so you see it and it's
inside a playground.
And now I have access to monkey bars so I can run Python monkey bars.
I going do anything but this is what we need to be able to do.
And once again I want to reiterate we don't have Python installed but I'm just trying to prove why this
is important.
And I have to be honest.
Like I said those commands that we saw are pretty brutal to actually make a new file so they exist.
You can use them but I might honestly recommend just making your files using a text editor like sublime
or notepad.
So I just go you know file save and then find the directory as we already showed.
And you can just put this wherever it need to go.
Desktop playground.
And we'll call this one.
I don't know what else is on a playground sandbox.
Why now.
Back here type ls and we can see their sandbox.
All right.
So I know there was a lot especially with those tendons mixed in there.
I just want to make it clear that you do not have to do all of this.
You can make files whatever's the easiest way for you personally.
So don't feel too intimidated if you're new to this because frankly I would be intimidated too if I
had to remember these commands.
Something like that is just hideous in my opinion anyway so don't feel bad.
By the way if you do have a PC it's OK.
They're not at a disadvantage in any way in this course.
It's just that you might see me use a command that really it's only touch which I explained in this
video creates a new file.
If you need to make your own new file you could just use it any of the other ways I showed you using
supplied text using Notepad.
Whatever works.
Or if you remember these commands you could use that too.
Anyway next in the final thing I'm going to show you is how to delete how to remove folders and files.